Added a reference link to the Localization article (#6618)
umbraco/UmbracoDocs: 14/umbraco-forms/developer/extending/adding-a-fieldtype.md

To create custom backoffice components for Umbraco 14, it's recommended to use a front-end build setup using Vite, TypeScript, and Lit. For more information, see the [Extension with Vite, TypeScript, and Lit](https://app.gitbook.com/s/G1Byxw7XfiZAj8zDMCTD/tutorials/creating-your-first-extension#extension-with-vite-typescript-and-lit) article.

> To manage and use the Backoffice UI Localization files, see the [Localization](https://docs.umbraco.com/umbraco-cms/customize-the-backoffice/extending-overview/extension-types/localization) article.

Author: ```suggestion
To display a name and description on a custom field, you need to register a JavaScript file as shown in the [Localization](https://docs.umbraco.com/umbraco-cms/customize-the-backoffice/extending-overview/extension-types/localization) article.
```
